Initial implementation (#2)
CDPHE-bioinformatics/CDPHE-Viral-Amplicon-WDL: README.md

Author: A few things here:
1 - the readme should be updated to reflect the viral amplicon workflow and not RSV and should include any additional wastewater workflows added.

2 - It is unclear to me what data this workflow is meant for. That is could this workflow be used for 1) wg tiled approaches, 2) targeted approaches where known primer locations are used to amplify portions of the genome, and/or 3) short qPCR products without known primer locations (e.g. when we are verifying wastewater detections we typically sequence the qPCR product but do not have primer bed files available - in some cases the bed files could be generated and in other cases the bed files could not be generated.  These specifications should be outlined in the readme.

Reviewer: it is intended for 1 and 2

Author: Is the goal of this workflow for other states to use the workflow? If so then we should take out all the CDPHE specific inputs and outputs such as `project_name` and make the transfer tasks optional and therefore the `out_dir` input variable optional.

Reviewer: Agreed - making transfer task optional was already the plan for this workflow. Sam was going to help with that since he did something similar with the read scrubbing task. I think we can leave project name in there, and define it in the readme as a name for you sequencing run.

Reviewer 2: @sam-baird

Author: I'd like to go other the bucket output structure. In the PR could you specify the data that was used for testing?

Reviewer: test_measles_0005_miseq, test_measles_0008_miseq - results are in Rojina's prod user bucket

# CDPHE-Viral-Amplicon

> This repository contains in development files for a pipeline to process RSV sequence data and summarize their data.

Author: ```suggestion
This repository contains in development files for a pipeline to process viral amplicon data and summarize their data.
```

## Workflow

```mermaid
graph TD
    subgraph Assembly
    A1(Raw Reads) --> B1
    A1 --> C1
    B1[filter_reads_seqyclean] --> D1
    B1 --> L1
    C1[assess_quality_fastqc] --> L1
    D1[align_reads_bwa] --> E1
    D1 --> L1
    E1[trim_primers_ivar] --> F1
    E1 --> G1
    E1 --> H1
    F1[call_variants_ivar] --> L1
    G1[call_consensus_ivar] --> I1
    G1 --> L1
    H1[calc_bam_stats_samtools] --> L1
    I1[rename_fasta] --> J1
    I1 --> K1
    I1 --> L1
    J1[calc_percent_coverage] --> L1
    K1[call_clades_nextclade] --> L1
    L1([Assembly Files]) --> M1
    M1[transfer_outputs] --> N1
    N1{{Cloud Bucket}}
    end
```

```mermaid
graph TD
    subgraph Summary
    A2(Assembly Files) --> B2
    B2[concatenate_consensus] --> D2
    A2 --> C2
    C2[summarize_results] --> D2
    D2([Summary Files]) --> E2
    E2[transfer_outputs] --> F2
    F2{{Cloud Bucket}}
    end

> ```

Reviewer 3: Should probably add a Mermaid diagram for the variant calling workflow as well

Reviewer: yes
